CBC: Create Build Config

cbc is software to create a build config for either the kickstart or preseed
build system. It will also create a DHCP entry and PXE boot file so the host
can boot from the network. With the addition of the DNSA module it will also
create an A record for the host.

Currently you have to manually restart the DHCPD service. If you have added
a forward IP address ( or defined a new build ) then you will probaly want
to build the reverse zone so there is a PTR record for the new A record
before you build, if you are using the DNSA module.

Given all the variables in building a system, cbc uses some base concepts:

***
Varient: This is the kind of server you want built, e.g. a web server, email
	server etc.

***
Build Type: This is (currently) kickstart, preseed or none. This is based on
	the operating system specific build type.

***
Build Domain: This is to get an IP address for server. You define a build
	domain to tie in with a DNS domain, so that you have an ip range for
	the servers and a DNS domain that they are part of. This also
	has various configuration options associated with it, which will be
	detailed below.

****
As well as network information (IP, DNS, etc) you can also add application
	configuration to a build domain. These are services for the servers
	being built. These are:

	LDAP details for authentication
	Log server to send syslog output
	SMTP server for email relay
	XYMON monitoring server
	NTP server
	NFS domain if you are using NFS V4, for example, for home directories.

These are contained in a build domain as these are network services. So, for
example, each project or group of servers may have their own definition for
these services. So this is where this information is stored.

***
Package: These are the packages that will be installed for a specific varient.
	The package names are taken from the operating systems' definition
	so that they can be added to the preseed or kickstart file.

***
Partition: When a server is built, you may want to have some different
	partition schemes for various servers. This is where they are defined.

Locale: As not every one is in the UK :-) then this is where you can specify
	your keyboard mapping, country location and language. This is also
	needed for Ubuntu and Debian in their network boot lines.


